Youle Qinghe
Long time no see.
Long time no see Qinghe let me introduce you
This is Van Van.
Have you met before?
Did you see it when you entered the temple fair?
Sit down, the food is going to be cold
sit
Lick so much delicious food
So expensive
Haven't we seen each other in so long?
Eat more.
Last time you said you wanted to meet my boyfriend
We don't want to
Long time no see
Is there anyone you want to talk to?
Why haven't you seen me for so long?
Here's to that.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Miss Xu, there seems to be something wrong with your red wine, right?
Lin Fan, what do you mean?
This is Romenicanti.
Thousands of dollars a bottle of wine
What could be wrong?
Youle, don't be angry.
Lin Fan didn't mean that.
Lin Fan, I know you see it as following the order.
Can't eat good food at home
You need one more glass of this wine.
Maybe once in a lifetime
What are you talking about?
Hmph, who let him talk nonsense?
Ok so
Let me make a toast.